Makefile
  Dependencies for wcssubs files
cel.c
  WCSLIB spherical coordinate transformation drivers
dateutil.c
  Subroutines for converting between various date formats and types
distort.c
  Subroutines for distortion correction between image pixels and focal plane
  coordinates.
dsspos.c
  dsspos() uses the WCS structure to compute sky coordinates given
  image pixel X and Y for images with Digitized Sky Survey plate solutions
  in their headers.  dsspix() uses the WCS structure to compute image
  pixel X and Y given sky coordinates for DSS images.  Algorithms from
  StSCI CASB.
fileutil.c
  Subroutines for finding size and contents of ASCII files
fitsfile.c
  FITS header and image reading and writing subroutines, including FITS
  table support.
hget.c
  Subroutines to extract values from FITS headers by keyword.
  Subroutines for parsing RA and Dec strings are included.
hput.c
  Subroutines to implant values into FITS headers by keyword (and to
  delete headers).
iget.c
  Subroutines to extract values from IRAF multi-keyword header parameters
imio.c
  Subroutines to get, put, and move pixels of various data types between images
  im memory and a program.
imhfile.c
  IRAF header and image reading and writing subroutines.  IRAF headers
  are converted to FITS headers for use by other programs and can be
  derived from FITS headers for writing.
iraf2fits.c
  IRAF header to FITS header conversion routine which makes IRAF header
  accessible to WCS subroutines.  Use this if you only want to read IRAF headers.
  It is an older version of iraf2fits() in imhfile.c and uses fewer subroutines
  from the rest of the library.
lin.c
  WCSLIB linear transformation subroutines
platepos.c
  platepos() uses the WCS structure to compute sky coordinates given
  image pixel X and Y for images with polynomial plate solutions
  in their headers.  platepix() uses the WCS structure to compute image
  pixel X and Y given sky coordinates for such images.  Algorithms are based
  on those in dsspos.c, but go straight from pixels to angles without an
  intermediate plate coordinate.
proj.c
  WCSLIB spherical map projection subroutines
slasubs.c
  Coordinate transformation subroutines direct from Starlink's SLA_Lib
sph.c
  WCSLIB spherical coordinate transformation subroutines
tnxpos.c
  tnxpos() uses the WCS keywords set up for IRAF's TNX projection to compute
  sky coordinates given image pixel X and Y.  tnxpix() uses the WCS structure
  to compute image pixel X and Y given sky coordinates for such images.  The
  projection is a tangent plane with corrections between the rotation and
  scaling and the actual projection.
wcs.c
  Subroutines for using FITS or IRAF header spatial world coordinate
  system information.
wcsinit.c
  Subroutines to initialize WCS structure from a FITS header
wcscon.c
  Subroutines for converting between B1950, J2000, and galactic
  coordinates, based on Starlink SLA_LIB subroutines.
wcslib.c
  WCSLIB high level driver subroutines
wcstrig.c
  WCSLIB trig and inverse trig functions using angles in degrees
worldpos.c
  worldpos() uses the WCS structure to compute sky coordinates given
  image pixel X and Y for images with header information for any of 8
  standard world coordinate systems.  worldpix() uses the WCS structure
  to compute image pixel X and Y given sky coordinates for the same images.
  Mostly from NRAO.

fitshead.h
  Declarations of FITS header access subroutines
fitsfile.h
  Declarations of image access subroutines and FITS table data structure.
wcs.h
  Declaration of WCS data structure and useful conversions.
wcslib.h
  Declarations for WCSLIB high level driver subroutines
  Declarations for WCSLIB spherical coordinate transformation drivers
  Declarations for WCSLIB linear transformation subroutines
  Declarations for WCSLIB spherical map projection subroutines
  Declarations for WCSLIB trig and inverse trig functions

* Notes:
  slasubs.c contains unmodified subroutines from Pat Wallace's Starlink
            astrometry library and may be omitted if that library is
            being linked.
  WCSLIB subroutines were written by Mark Calabretta of CSIRO and have
         been modified in three ways:
         1) His distributed wcs.c has been changed to wcslib.c, and
         2) wcstrig.c subroutine names have been changed from <function>d()
            to <function>deg() to avoid name conflicts on some operating
            systems.
         3) ifndef's at start of headers files have been named to reflect
            the names of the header files, i.e. wcslib_h_ in wcslib.h.
	 4) all header files combined into wcslib.h
